Introduction to Java
Essentials
1. Reading
1.1 Hello World

The program consists of a class declaration, which is declared using the keywords public class. In Java, all code lives inside of classes.
The code that is run is inside of a method called main, which is declared as public static void main(String[] args).
We use curly braces { and } to denote the beginning and the end of a section of code.
Statements must end with semi-colons.
  

1.2 Running a Java Program


1.3 Variables and Loops

Our variable x must be declared before it is used, and it must be given a type!
Our loop definition is contained inside of curly braces, and the boolean expression that is tested is contained inside of parentheses.
Our print statement is just System.out.print instead of System.out.println. This means we should not include a newline.
Our print statement adds a number to a space. This makes sure the numbers don’t run into each other. Try removing the space to see what happens.
When we run it, our prompt ends up on the same line as the numbers (which you can fix in the following exercise if you’d like).
1.4 Static Typing
  Static language, which is different from py.  when java declear, it can not be changed，this is wrong answer:

public class HelloNumbers {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int x = 0;
        while (x < 10) {
            System.out.print(x + " ");
            x = x + 1;
        }
        x = "horse";
    }
}


Benefits of java

The compiler ensures that all types are compatible, making it easier for the programmer to debug their code.
Since the code is guaranteed to be free of type errors, users of your compiled programs will never run into type errors. For example, Android apps are written in Java, and are typically distributed only as .class files, i.e. in a compiled format. As a result, such applications should never crash due to a type error.
Every variable, parameter, and function has a declared type, making it easier for a programmer to understand and reason about code.
1.5 Defining Functions in Java

1.6 Code Style, Comments, Javadoc
Write your code so that it is easy for a stranger to understand.

Consistent style (spacing, variable naming, brace style, etc)
Size (lines that are not too wide, source files that are not too long)
Descriptive naming (variables, functions, classes), e.g. variables or functions with names like year or getUserName instead of x or f.
Avoidance of repetitive code: You should almost never have two significant blocks of code that are nearly identical except for a few changes.
Comments where appropriate. Line comments in Java use the // delimiter. Block (a.k.a. multi-line comments) comments use /* and */.
2. HomeWork
  HW0:Reading中的语法以及数组、字符串，比

3. Lab 1 Setup: Setting Up Your Computer
  在

4. Lab 1: javac, java, git
  

5. Discussion 1